Update mlnet cli docs (#18782)
dotnet/docs: docs/machine-learning/reference/ml-net-cli-reference.md

## Examples

The simplest CLI command for a classification problem (AutoML infers most of the configuration from the provided data):

```console
mlnet classification --dataset "customer-feedback.tsv" --label-col Sentiment
```

Another simple CLI command for a regression problem:

``` console
mlnet regression --dataset "cars.csv" --label-col Price
```

> Create and train a classification model with a train dataset, a test dataset, and further customization explicit arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Train a classification model with a train dataset, a test dataset, and additional optional arguments:
```

-?, -h, --help

```

### Regression options

Running `mlnet regression` will train a regression model. Choose this command if you want an ML Model to predict a numeric value (e.g. price prediction).

```console
mlnet classification

--dataset <path> (REQUIRED)

--label-col <col> (REQUIRED)

--cache <option>

--has-header (Default: true)

--ignore-cols <cols>

--log-file-path <path>

--name <name>

-o, --output <path>

--test-dataset <path>

--train-time <time> (Default: 30 minutes, in seconds)

--validation-dataset <path>

-v, --verbosity <v>

-?, -h, --help

```

### Recommendation options

Running `mlnet recommendation` will train a recommendation model.  Choose this command if you want an ML Model to recommend items to users based on ratings (e.g. product recommendation).

```console
mlnet classification

--dataset <path> (REQUIRED)

--item-col <col> (REQUIRED)

--rating-col <col> (REQUIRED)

--user-col <col> (REQUIRED)

--cache <option>

--has-header (Default: true)

--log-file-path <path>

--name <name>

-o, --output <path>

--test-dataset <path>

--train-time <time> (Default: 30 minutes, in seconds)

--validation-dataset <path>

-v, --verbosity <v>

-?, -h, --help

```

> Invalid input options cause the CLI tool to emit a list of valid inputs and an error message.

Reviewer: I would move this section just before the "Classification options" heading since it belongs to the entire section, not just the recommendation options.
